hey everyone it's mike from image
guy.com and as you can see this week i
am feeling much better than I was last
week so I decided to do this week is to
go over how to make your own beauty dish
now I did this post on my website a long
time ago and I just did like a quick
photo post so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to kind of make that video
post while showing you the photos and
just explain sort of what you need and
how to do it and all that sort of stuff
so let's get started okay as you can see
this is the first photo from the website
and what you need to make your own
beauty dish you need a white plastic
bowl foam board zip ties or zap straps
depending on what you want to call them
and aluminum tape you want to trace
around your flash you know making sure
they centered at the bottom of the bowl
next thing you want to do is you want to
cut a diagonal from corner to corner
basically what you're going to do is
you're going to be making flaps when you
do this okay so once you've made the
cuts what you do is you fold the flaps
back 90 degrees now there is a trick to
this if the plastic material is a little
bit too brittle what you do is you put
the bowl in hot water for about five
minutes and then you fold the flaps back
and here you can just see what it looks
like with the thumb there you want to
make sure that it fits properly and
everything like that and there is the
front view okay the next thing you want
to do is you want to get a piece of foam
board and cut a nine sorry draw a circle
about half the diameter of the bowl so
on the other side of the the foam board
what you do is you put a Lumina m--
on there you got to make sure that it's
big enough so that's actually larger
than the circle that you just drew on
the other side and then what you do is
you just cut out the the circle now you
can use a an x-acto knife or like a box
cutter type knife to do that then what
you want to do is you want to put little
slots at every 90 degrees on the circle
there you want to be able to fit your
zip ties through that and what you do
with the zip ties is you bend them
a little bit you'll see why in a second
and then you put the zip throught zip
ties through the holes with the bends
facing outwards this will be the front
view and then what you want to do is you
want to cut the slits into the bowl
every 90 degrees also
now the slits have to be just big enough
for the zip ties to fit through
if the zip ties are too loose they're
not going to be able to hold the center
ring into place what you might need to
do is you might need to insert a small
flathead screwdriver into the slits to
make them just big enough so you can put
the zip ties through but again the most
important thing is make sure that the
zip ties are held in place firmly by the
friction from the bowl the bowl set up
with the on the flash this is the like a
three-quarter view or whatever you want
to call that here's pretty much the same
view and in this one here we've got a an
omni bounce on the flash sort of
diffuses the light a little bit more and
gives it a softer light and here is the
front view and finally here is the front
view just illuminate with the flash
going off so it's pretty simple to make
your own beauty dish and I'm still
keeping the old post up there with all
the the photos and everything like that
so you can download those also so this
is Mike from image guy com and thanks
for watching if you want to see last
week's video it's right here if you want
to see next week's video it's right here
and if you want to subscribe right here
okay click something come on